 If I had to choose three words to define myself, I would choose; independent, dependable, and compassionate. Growing up I always wanted to be like my dad. I remember seeing how well respected he was, no matter if we were some where new or local. Everywhere we went people just seemed to be drawn to him. I wanted to not just be like him but I wanted to figure out how this was possible. As i got older I realized there was more then what meets the eye. He was a business owner since 19 years old, and respected his whole life. Now that i'm older I realize people didnt just respect him, he was respectful. I took a different route and joined the Marines eventually starting my own company. In 2014 "Veteran Express" was born, a logistics company specializing in white-glove home delivery. Up till 2019 I held contracts with companies such as; Best Buy, Home Depot and GE America. I made sure their needs were not just met but were exceeded. After five years of devoting my life to my employees and clients, I realized that I will never be more then a number to these companies and that I was expendable no matter how many times I break my back and bank to make sure everyone was happy. Slowly, it became apparent I was neglecting myself not only in these regards but spiritually as well. If I didnt make a change I would never be truly happy, instead I would be undoubtedly on my way to an early grave. This was unacceptable after all I was married to the most wonderful and beautiful girl I had ever met. We were high school sweethearts, and have been together longer then not. We have 3 fur-babies, no kids, and the world in our palms. We just moved 1200 miles, two weeks before Hurricane Harvey might I add, to Houston Texas for my wife to start her career after she receieved an offer that we could not decline. For me though it would staty the same just an additional city to service. It took no time to says enough was enough, a change was overdue, and this time it would be something I enjoyed. I recently learned Front End Web Development at Team Treehouse, which lead me to "Full Stacks Development". I decided I wanted to be a software engineer and with the help of a local "Coding Boot-camp", Digitalcrafts, that dream quickly became reality.